The total area of IIT Mandi is 538 acres of which about 200 acres is flat land while the rest is mountainous. 
On 23rd September 2012, 108 B.Tech 2nd year students, the Director, few research scholars, 20 faculty and staff with their families shifted to the main campus. Currently, all of the undergraduate students, the Director and 95% of the faculty members reside in the main campus. IIT Mandi is now home to a buzzing community of students, academicians and staff.
The main campus of IIT Mandi is in Kamand valley. The village is located in Mandi Tehsil of Mandi district in Himachal Pradesh. The village is on the banks of Uhl- a tributary of the river Beas. Kamand is approximately 14 kms from Mandi town. 
There is great variation in the climatic conditions of Himachal due to extreme variation in elevation. The climate varies from hot and sub-humid tropical in the southern tracts to cold, alpine and glacial in the northern and eastern mountain ranges with more elevation.
These regions enjoys a wet-sub temperate climate of the foot hills (450-900 meters) as against the dry-cold alpine climate with snowfall at higher altitudes (2400-4800 meters).
Mandi has an average elevation of 1044 meters (3425 feet) and is situated on the banks of Beas. Mandi town falls in the lower most climatic zone of the Himalayas. 
Average annual rainfall of Mandi is 1380 mm. 
There is occasional snowfall in IIT MANDI in winters 
Advanced Materials Research Centre (AMRC) is a multi-disciplinary hub for research facilities at IIT Mandi with a mission to foster basic and applied research in the area of advanced materials dealing with synthesis of new materials, processing, structural, microstructural, thermal, optical and electrical characterizations at various length scales. 
AMRC represents materials focused research in the areas of energy, environment, electronics, magnetism, organic displays, solar cells, drug delivery, nanotechnology etc with participation of faculty members from physics, chemistry, biology and engineering disciplines
A well-equipped Central Workshop with CNC lathe, CNC milling, rapid prototyping machine and conventional machining, welding and foundry equipment caters to the requirements of undergraduate labs, projects and various research activities.
The institute has a High-Performance computational facility with 39 nodes based on Intel Xeon processors that have total 404 processor cores, memory of 1.3 TB and 63 TB storage space.
All the labs are equipped with instruments, which are useful for both teaching and research purposes including Electrical and electronics, Mechanical Design, Thermo-fluids, Physics, BioX, Nanotechnology, Photoresist, Chemistry and Computer Sciences labs have been developed according to the requirements of the curriculums.
IIT Mandi has a medical unit consisting of female and male doctors, staff nurses and pharmacist in both the North and South campuses and the medical unit is also equipped with an Ambulance on call round-the-clock. 
Modern healthcare facilities are available in Mandi town with a number of government and private hospitals 
IIT Mandi has studio apartments and guest houses for visitors. 
IIT Mandi has eight hostels spread over the South Campus and the North Campus and the campus is a fully residential complex for students, faculty, staff and visitors.
Each hostel is managed by a Warden, ably assisted by an Assistant Warden, faculty members, a caretaker and a dedicated team of support staff and guards. 
IIT Mandi has two Girl's Hostels, Chandrataal in South Campus and Gauri Kund in North Campus.
IIT Mandi has six Boys Hostels, Suvalsar, Parashar, and Nako in South Campus as well as Beaskund, suraj Tal and Dashir in North Campus. 
Students play an important role in the management of the hostels and they are represented by elected secretaries who help the Wardens in the day smooth running of the hostels.
Messes catering to different hostels provide homely food and Common room in the hostel is equipped with LCD TVs each hostel also has table tennis facilities.
IIT MANDI has two banks with their ATM facilities including branches of State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank in the south campus.
Mega store just outside campus for basic food stuff and grocery.There is also a fruits and vegetable shop in north campus.
A stationary store are available in both the South Campus and the North Campus. 
IIT MANDI has two central messes in South Campus and two central messes in North Campus providing hot meals throughout the year.
Canteen and two cafeterias are the places available for dining in the both south and north campus. There is a bakery in South campus also.
Basketball, Cricket, Volleyball, Soccer, Hockey, Football, Badminton, Tennis, Table Tennis and Cycling are few sports being practiced in the main campus. Activities like Hiking and Trekking are encouraged under guidance. 
There is one open fullcourt , one indoor fullcourt and several halfcourts in the hostel area for basketball .  
IIT Mandi has a sports council to coordinate all the sports activities and lays special attention on players by providing them with well-experienced coaches and adequate facilities. 
Sportsperson are trained very systematically and are encouraged to participate in various tournaments like Inter-IIT, Sangram, and other inter-college and intra-college tournaments.
IIT Mandi has participated and got many achievements in the Inter-IIT sports tournament since 2010 and has won 2 medals in team games i.e. bronze in TableTennis women 2014 and bronze in Cricket 2019 and 7 medals in individual Athletics events in 2018 and 2019. 
The Sports Society organizes the annual sports fest of IIT Mandi.
The name of the sports fest of IIT mandi is Rann-Neeti.
IIT Mandi has a Central Library currently houses over 13,200 books and provides access to more than 3500 e-journals. 
The Library also has a very good collection of AV materials, such as CDs and DVDs. 
Library operations are automated using the KOHA LMS.
BookNook is the recreational library at IIT Mandi, is an initiative by Dr. Priscilla Gonsalves and Dr. Shweta Rao to facilitate good reading habits in the Campus residents. 
Book Nook has books on wide ranging topics and the largest collection in BookNook is fiction running from romances and thrillers to classics and literature.
IIT Mandi  also has a growing section of books on Himachal Pradesh and local culture including Other popular collections such as advice on improving one’s life, diet, religion, science, innovation, entrepreneurship, history, biography and travel are available. 
Book Nook is run by volunteers from the IIT Mandi community. 
BookNook is open from 11 am to 1 pm and 4 pm to 6:30 pm on weekdays as well as BookNook is open from 11 am to 1 pm on Saturdays.
some amenities in the main campus a include Gym, Aerobics and Yoga classes.
The Senate is the topmost decision making body of the institute, having student representatives as a few of its members.
All the important decisions concerning the institute matters are implemented only after the approval of the Senate. 
The Director of the institute acts as the ex-officio Chairman of the Senate while The student members in the Senate are the Academic Affairs Secretary, the General Secretary and the Research Secretary.
IIT Mandi has 8 Societies under the Student Gymkhana.
Technical Society is a group of technical clubs, such as Programming club,STAC,Entrepreneurship Club,Robotronics Club,Yantrik Club,Nirmaan Club,SAE.
Technical Society is a group of technical clubs, such as Programming club,STAC,Entrepreneurship Club,Robotronics Club,Yantrik Club,Nirmaan Club,SAE.
The clubs under Technical Society are open to all.
Programming Club, aka KamandPrompt is a group of clubs where students can acquire knowledge and gain experience in the field of Competitive Programming, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Development.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Programming_Club and https://www.facebook.com/groups/KamandPrompt/?multi_permalinks=1707713859401575
Programming Club, aka KamandPrompt is a technical club, thus open to all. For more info, visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Programming_Club and https://www.facebook.com/groups/KamandPrompt/?multi_permalinks=1707713859401575
STAC is a club where one can explore every corner of the technical knowledge they have! The club enables students to not only enhance their knowledge about the different aspects related to astronomy and astrophysics but also use the technologies available to develop their skills that will help them in future. The club was founded by Gurbir Singh and Diler Salva on 5th March 2012. Its activities include observing astronomical objects and bodies, organizing talks about astronomy and astrophysics, doing projects related to space technology. The club organizes two major fests in an academic year: Astrax, an inter-college astro-meet and Zenith, an intra-college astronomy fest. There are various discussions, quizzes, talks, hackathons that STAC organizes throughout the year. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/STAC
STAC is a technical club, thus open to all. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/STAC
E-Cell, aka Entrepreneurship Cell, is IIT Mandi’s in-campus organization that aims to instigate the entrepreneurial spirits among our community. As the name celebrates our crazy love for subjects related to business and its disciplines, we always strive to give a glimpse of the world of business and finance by conducting multifarious of events, sessions and competitions. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Entrepreneurship_Cell
E-Cell, aka Entrepreneurship Cell, is a technical club, thus open to all.For more info https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Entrepreneurship_Cell
Robotronics Club is the official club under Science and Technology Council, IIT Mandi. It is one of the most active clubs created to bring out the creativity among the students and make them familiar with the ever growing world of Robotics. The club provides an entry point and a platform to the students where they can come and learn this amazing field of technology. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Robotronics_Club.
Robotronics Club is a technical club, thus open to all. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Robotronics_Club
Yantrik is one of the major clubs of IIT Mandi. It comes under the Science and Technology Council. Yantrik conducts various events like junkyard wars, RC races, and even mechatronics workshop. Yantrik is growing with the contribution of new members with each coming year.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Yantrik_Club
Yantrik is a technical club, thus open to all.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Yantrik_Club
Nirmaan Club is a club of IIT Mandi where someone can explore the beauty of civil engineering by making a prototype or analysing any civil engineering structure. It gives an opportunity where someone can interact with his/her juniors or seniors, where someone can participate as well as organise events or where someone can represent his/her college in inter college events. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Nirmaan_Club
Nirmaan Club is a technical club, thus open to all. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Nirmaan_Club
It is the collegiate club of SAE ( Society of Automotive Engineers) in IIT Mandi.SAE International, initially established as the Society of Automotive Engineers, is a U.S.-based, globally active professional association and standards developing organization for engineering professionals in various industries.A platform to provide access to the global SAE community.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/SAE
SAE ( Society of Automotive Engineers) in IIT Mandi is a technical club, thus open to all.
Literary Society at IIT Mandi Consists of Writing Club, Debating Club, Quizzing Club, for more info visit https://www.facebook.com/literarysocietyiitmandi.
Literary Society at IIT Mandi Consists of Writing Club, Debating Club, Quizzing Club.
The writing club of IIT Mandi is a part of Literary Society comprising of the mini authors, poets, shaayars and creative writers of the campus. Being one of the most active clubs of the Gymkhaana it has expanded and grown so much since it's start. A plethora of events and competitions are organized on monthly and semesterly basis. Last year also marked the start of inter-college Literary Fest of IIT Mandi, making it one of the largest literary fests in the Himalayas.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Writing_Club
Going by the name "The Society of Debaters"(TSOD), the debating club of IIT Mandi is a place where a group of people crowd together, to discuss, to argue and to facilitate their interest on various topics going all round the world. These maybe ethical or moral issues, issues related to politics or business or schemes or maybe sometime just to slander on personal issues. All that can be argued about is all this club shares its interest in. The club organizes a rich profusion of events on monthly and semesterly basis. The club also contributes in "EXODIA" the cultural fest and "RUVAAN" the literary fest of IIT Mandi and has also shown a dedicated participation in the Inter-IIT cultural meets. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Debating_Club
Qurosity is the quizzing club of IIT Mandi, filled with erudite members who have a staunch to learn or share their knowledge. We conduct quizzes at inter and intra college competitions on monthly and semester basis. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Quizzing_Club
Cultural Society at IIT Mandi comprises of Drama Club, UDC(Uhl Dance Company), PMC(Photography and Moviemaking Club), Music Club, Designauts, Art Geeks.
Cultural Society at IIT Mandi comprises of Drama Club, UDC(Uhl Dance Company), PMC(Photography and Moviemaking Club), Music Club, Designauts, Art Geeks.
Drama Club of IIT Mandi is an organisation that comprises of actors, scriptwriters and creatives who have a keen interest in various forms of dramatics and more are eager enough to express themselves. It performs street plays, stage plays, mimes, etc on various events.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Drama_Club
Though auditions are held every odd semester that test various skills (acting, voice modulation, etc), but it is always open for those who are enthusiastic and passionate enough. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Drama_Club
UDC, (Uhl Dance Crew) is the dance club of IIT Mandi. The club aims to promote the culture and spirit of dance in the college, and motivate all dance enthusiasts to share their talent. We host a variety of workshops, perform flash mobs, and conduct competitions throughout the year. We have brought numerous laurels to the institute. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/UDC
UDC, (Uhl Dance Crew) is the dance club of IIT Mandi. The club aims to promote the culture and spirit of dance in the college, and motivate all dance enthusiasts to share their talent. We host a variety of workshops, perform flash mobs, and conduct competitions throughout the year. We have brought numerous laurels to the institute. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/UDC
Applications are open to all those associated with the institute. There are 3 rounds, and the top performers are welcomed to the club. The scoring is done by all the current members of the club.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/UDC
Applications are open to all those associated with the institute. There are 3 rounds, and the top performers are welcomed to the club. The scoring is done by all the current members of the club.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/UDC
Photography and Moviemaking Club (PMC) is the official photography and videography club of IIT Mandi. It is one of the most prominent and influential clubs of the cultural society. It conducts several events, workshops and sessions all year round. It has brought numerous laurels to the institute. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Photography_and_Moviemaking_Club
Photography and Moviemaking Club (PMC) is the official photography and videography club of IIT Mandi. It is one of the most prominent and influential clubs of the cultural society. It conducts several events, workshops and sessions all year round. It has brought numerous laurels to the institute. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Photography_and_Moviemaking_Club
Interested freshers go through an induction in their first semester where various facets of the club are introduced to them through sessions conducted by senior members. It is an open club. For selection in the core team, over the first year the participation in events and contribution is gauged. At the end of the year there is an interview process for coordinator and core team member selection. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Photography_and_Moviemaking_Club
Interested freshers go through an induction in their first semester where various facets of the club are introduced to them through sessions conducted by senior members. It is an open club. For selection in the core team, over the first year the participation in events and contribution is gauged. At the end of the year there is an interview process for coordinator and core team member selection. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Photography_and_Moviemaking_Club
Music Club of IIT Mandi is an organisation which consists of people passionate about music. It regularly gives performances during major campus events and also conducts many competitions throughout the year. It is committed to help students inculcate and improve their skills in music. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Music_Club#Selection
The club conducts auditions each year for new students to join. These auditions are judged by seniors who are part of the club and it is done in an unbiased manner. Every student is tested on the basic music theory. Vocalists are judged by their ability to match and vary scales while instrumentalists are asked to play a piece on their respective instruments. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Music_Club#Selection
Designauts is design club of IIT Mandi. The club is open to all students of IIT Mandi. Designauts focuses mainly on Graphic designing but is working successfully on including other forms of design such as Ui/Ux design, Animation, and 3d modelling. The club is all about learning together and also, encourages self learning, because of the unlimited designing styles. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Designauts#Selection
The club is open to everyone. Everyone who joins the club learns from scratch. Selection for core team, is open to all students from 2nd, 3rd and 4th year. The selection will be made on the basis of their designing knowledge, club activity and passion to help the club become better. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Designauts#Selection
Art Geeks is the official art club of IIT Mandi. It is the heart of creativity in the college. In a short span, it has successfully established its identity in the college. Each year the club is responsible for new and innovative ways of promoting the art culture in the college. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Art_Geeks
The club is open to all. There is no required skill level or mastery of any art form required, we will explore, learn and express together showing off your creativity giving all an equal chance to leave a lasting memory in your minds and the institute. Selection for core teams is open to all members except college freshmen and is done on the basis of their performance and involvement with the club in the previous year. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Art_Geeks
The Research Society at IIT Mandi comprises of SCRI,IEEE,ACM,ACM-W.
Society for Collaborative Research and Innovation (SCRI) is a platform to provide good opportunities for students of any field or Discipline and it gives exposures to Interdisciplinary Research areas. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/SCRI
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, or IEEE, is a technical professional organisation. While it has electrical and electronics engineering at its core, it’s composed of engineers, scientists and other professionals, who have interests in electrical and computer sciences, engineering, and varied, but related disciplines. It’s dedicated to fostering technological innovation and excellence for the benefit of humanity. It does so by sponsoring conferences, publishing transactions, journals, and magazines, developing standards, and through its educational programs. It’s the largest professional association in the world. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/IEEE
The Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) is a supportive community where computing helps solve tomorrow’s problems – where we use our knowledge and skills to advance the profession and make a positive impact.For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/ACM
The student chapter of Association for Computing Machinery for Women (ACM-W) is one of the most recently started clubs of IIT Mandi. It has been officially established at IIT Mandi in 2020 and we are now a part of ACM-W's global community which supports, celebrates and advocates for women in computing. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/ACM-W
The Academic Society comprises of UG Academic Council and the Senate. 
The UG Academic Council is an informal academic body, which accounts for the smooth communication between the Academic Affairs Secretary and other students. Though not a formal body, together with the Academic Affairs Secretary they are on a path of making Academics at IIT Mandi more and more glorious. Currently the Council is an informal one, and the Academic Affairs Secretary is working towards formalizing this concept.
The Senate is the topmost decision making body of the institute, having student representatives as a few of its members. All the important decisions concerning the institute's academic matters are implemented only after the approval of the Senate. The Director of the institute acts as the ex-officio Chairman of the Senate. The student members in the Senate are the Academic Affairs Secretary, the General Secretary and the Research Secretary.
Physical education and sports section, IIT Mandi, coordinates all the sports activities and gives special attention to interested students by providing them with well-experienced coaches and adequate facilities. Players are trained very systematically by well-trained coaches and are encouraged to participate in various inter-college and intra-college tournaments, the most significant one being the annual students' Inter-IIT Sports Meet.Sports society is run by a number of students alongside the faculty and staff members. The student sports council is led by the Sports Secretary of Student Gymkhana. It comprises men/women Game coordinators for respective games, men/women Overall coordinators for UG and PG, and Web and Content coordinators. Staff and faculty members of the sports society comprise groundsmen, sports office employees, game coaches, physical training instructor, principal sports officer, sports co-advisor, and sports advisor. The 11 major games which are a part of the sports society are Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Chess, Cricket, Football, Hockey, Lawn Tennis, Table Tennis, Volleyball, and Weight Lifting. The Mountain Biking Club is a part of the Sports Society.
Hiking and Trekking Club(HnT) is an adventure club which helps students explore the beauty of the Himalayas by conducting treks to various places in and outside of Himachal Pradesh. This is a growing club and at present has hundreds of members. The club provides a platform for adventure enthusiasts to experience the untouched beauty of Himachal Pradesh. This club is comprised of students, faculty and the institute staff. The club occasionally also conducts cleanliness drives at the places it visits. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Hiking_and_Trekking_Club
Hiking and Trekking Club(HnT) is an adventure club which helps students explore the beauty of the Himalayas by conducting treks to various places in and outside of Himachal Pradesh. This is a growing club and at present has hundreds of members. The club provides a platform for adventure enthusiasts to experience the untouched beauty of Himachal Pradesh. This club is comprised of students, faculty and the institute staff. The club occasionally also conducts cleanliness drives at the places it visits. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Hiking_and_Trekking_Club
New students can choose to be a part of the club in their first semester. Coordinators of the club are choosen by the members of the club through an election process. Coordinators choose the core team of the club based on previous participation and interviews. The core team of the club is subdivided into teams that manage different areas. For more info visit https://wiki.iitmandi.co.in/p/Hiking_and_Trekking_Club
There are good number of the hotels in the Mandi in various ranges suitable for all.Some hotels provide dinning facility but some not.There are some good restaurants and some hygienic dhabhas also.
Mess is good and hygienic. You will be provided breakfast, lunch, a light meal in evening and dinner.The food is tasty and lots of variety is given daily.The timing of the mess is according to schedule.The menu is decided by hostel mess Secretary which is chosen by you among selves.
The breakfast consist of dosa,various types of parathas with curd and butter, bread omlete, bread jam, alloo puri, pohaa etc
In lunch you will be provided daal, curd, rayta, rice, manchurian, non-veg(chicken), egg curry, paneer, chole bature, curry and other stuff.
The light meal in the evening consist of the samosas, french fries, shakes, pakore, chowmin etc.Tea is served in both breakfast and supper. Sometimes milk is also served in the breakfast.
The timing of the mess is according to schedule.The menu is decided by hostel mess Secretary which is chosen by you among selves.
On the IIT-Mandi campus, students, faculty and staff eat their main meals at one of two mess halls in each campus. In south campus there are Cedar Mess (D1) and Maple Mess (D2), and in the north campus there are oak mess and pine mess.
There are canteens, which are like food stalls, and food counter. The counter is in the D1 mess where u can find sandwiches, dumplings, and various desserts.There are serveral canteens in both the campuses. One bite is in north campus with a variety of things to eat.
D2 Mess has a canteen underneath the main eating area where many students go for omelettes, sandwiches, and late night desserts. In addition there are two more canteens at other locations on campus that serve a variety of foods including fried chicken, eggs, noodles, pizzas, burgers, shakes and a lot of traditional Indian cuisines also.
Students can go to the provision store on campus and purchase different packaged snacks and beverages, or they can buy fresh fruit and vegetable from a stand along the main campus road.
IIT Mandi has instituted a mess committee that consists of students from each year. All committee members are elected, and there is one member elected from each hostel on campus. This committee is responsible for managing the menu for the mess halls. They communicate with the mess contractor to choose dishes that taste good and use ingredients that fall within the contractor’s budget.
The mess committee sends out a monthly survey to students about food quality and the overall mess experience and takes strict action against the vendors if the find something wrong.
The best rated restaurants involving both vegetarian and non vegetarian options are listen below in decreasing rating Chawlas2, Emaho Café, Food Point, Kora Community Cafe, Raj Mahal Palace, AM PM Resort, Copacabana Bar & Restaurant, Mayur Dhaba, Black Pepper, Hotel Highway Treat, The Treat Restaurant, Bogchi, Ashoka dhaba.
With over 140 jobs offers made in total (including PPOs), IIT Mandi witnessed a more than a 50 per cent increase in the average salary offered by companies compared to last year in 2020.
During the previous year's (2018-2019) placement drive, the highest CTC stood at Rs 40 LPA and the average CTC stood at Rs 13.4 LPA
Some of the top companies that showed their participation in this year's final placements include HPCL, Microsoft, Amazon, CodeNation, Goldman Sachs, DE Shaw, Service Now, Codenation, Razopay, Oyo Rooms, Publicis Sapients, BOSCH, Tonichi Insatsu, SMS Data Tech, Works Appliction, GMO Research, Vehant, Samsung Delhi, TCS, LTI, Byju's Sigmoid, Mathworks, Internet Academy, IBM India, Truring, eClerx, Marvel Semiconductors, OLX, Decision point, HSBC technology and L&T. 
The prominent sectors in which PPOs were made during 2019-20 were Software Development and Analytics.
Companies that offered PPOs during 2019-20 was 13 compared to 10 in 2018-19.
The institute provides facilities and services in the form of training sessions and workshops to prepare students for the placement seasons. Some of the facilities conducted for students include resume making, communication skills, presentation skills, interviewing skills, problem solving skills, case workshops and mock placements tests.
The placement drive 2020 included a total of around 10 start-ups such as OLX People, Signalchip Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sigmoid, Agnext Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Toppr, etc. 
A total of around 10 international offers were made at IIT Mandi 2020 placement drive
IIT Mandi Placements 2020: Branch wise trends: A total of 57 students were placed from the CSE branch, followed by EE and ME branches. The lowest no. of students placed were from CE branch.
IIt mandi completed its 2020 placements drive by hosting around 80 companies. Around 101 students were placed out of 147 eligible student. The remaining 46 students pursued to prepare for civil service examination while a few other went for higher studies or startup/business opportunities. 
Mircosoft emerged as the star recuriter by providing over 11 placements offers for 2020 placements.
Placements rate: The highest share of 2020 placement went to computer science and engineering with 98.28% of students placed followed by, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Civil Engineering. In 2019, the institute had a placement record of 81% whereas in 2020 85% of students were recruited during campus placement. 
Average Package of CSE revolves around 10-11 Lakh. For other branches, it decreases progressively, comes to about 6.5-7 Lakhs. Highest domestic package recorded was Rs. 40 LPA and highest International Package offered was by Google, which stood at Rs. 1.06 Crores.
Quick links:  https://www.shiksha.com/college/iit-mandi-indian-institute-of-technology-33322/questions, http://research.iitmandi.ac.in/main/placements/index.php,
IITMandi offers Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering, Computer Science & Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Engineering Physics, Data Science and Engineering and B.Tech-M.Tech Integrated Dual Degree in Bioengineering.
Please refer to http://iitmandi.ac.in/academics/scholarship.php for institute offering scholarships, and for government offered scholarships, refer to http://scholarship.gov.in.
Please refer to http://iitmandi.ac.in/academics/scholarship.php for institute offering scholarships, and for government offered scholarships, refer to http://scholarship.gov.in.
All SC/ST students are exempted from payment of tuition fees in accordance with the rules framed by the Government of India.
All female students in the first year of B.Tech will get a complete tuition fee waiver and a scholarship of Rs.1000 per month for 10 months.
IIT Mandi offers scholarships to economically backward General and OBC students.
There is a full waiver in tuition fee for students with family income less than Rs.1,00,000 per annum and there is a 2/3rd remission for students with family income more than Rs.1,00,000 and less than Rs.5,00,000 per annum.
To avail General/OBC scholarship, a student must submit valid family income certificate along with notarized Affidavit.
Affidavit is available at https://www.iitmandi.ac.in/hn/academics/files/scholarships/affidavit.pdf.
Fees can be paid at http://iitmandi.ac.in/academics/fees.php.
Each academic session is divided into two regular semesters: an Odd Semester (normally August-November) and an Even Semester (normally February-June).
There are two vacation semesters (Winter & Summer) and follows a Senate approved schedule of academic activities.
The duration of the B.Tech. program will be minimum 8 semesters and maximum 12 semesters.
B.Tech (Honours) is awarded to student who successfully complete 172 (160+12 Extra)  credits in their B.Tech programme.
One can opt for B.Tech. (Honours) at the end of the fourth or fifth semester of B.Tech. program.
Minimum required credits for any branch of B.Tech programme is 160.
Minimum credits required for Honours in B.Tech is 172.
L-T-P-C is the credit system defined for each course.
The numbers corresponding to L, T and P denote the contact hours per week for Lecture, Tutorial and Practical/Practicum respectively, and that of C denotes the total number of credits for that course in a semester.
A faculty member will be assigned to students branch-wise to help the students in planning their courses of study and for getting general advice on the academic program.
Class Committee is a body consisting of faculty and students to monitor the conduct and progress of a set of courses in a semester.
IIT Mandi offers a very liberal branch change policy.
Students with at least 8.0 CGPA are eligible for branch change subject to the condition that strength of any branch shall not change by more than 50percent and strength of any branch shall not fall below 20.
Branch change applications are considered strictly on basis of merit established by CGPA.
Ragging is strictly prohibited in our institute, for more information regarding anti-ragging regulations please refer to http://students.iitmandi.ac.in/files/ugc_anti-ragging_regulations.pdf. 
Fortunately, no ragging practice has been reported in the history of our institute.
Generally, the minimum attendance requirement of a course is 70%.
Assessment procedures vary from subject to subject which is decided by the course instructor and the same informed to the student after first CCM.
Our institute has a letter grading system.
Grade point values of O, A, B, C, D, E and F are 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 4 and 0 respectively.
I grade stands for INCOMPLETE, which changes into some letter grade in the first month of subsequent regular semester.
Academic office communicate results through E-mail or OAS portal.
SGPA indicates student’s performance in any particular semester whereas CGPA indicates cumulative performance upto any time in the course of a student's programme.
A minor is intended for a student to gain expertise in an area outside his/her major B.Tech. discipline.
A student is allowed to take any number of Minors.
Semester exchange offered by IIT Mandi allows students to take one or two semester(s) from the institutions with whom IIT Mandi has an MoU for such visits.
Semester exchange limits to condition that visit will not be allowed during the final (normally eighth) semester and some of the signature courses of IIT Mandi such as Reverse Engineering, Design Practicum, ISTP, and any others( that are notified from time to time) must be completed at IIT Mandi.
The students are required to do an industrial internship in India for a minimum period of 6 weeks, during the winter vacation following the 5th semester or any subsequent vacation before the final semester and the internship must be done in a technology oriented public/private sector company/industry or in reputed research organizations, such as CSIR, DRDO or BARC. 
Courses remain same for every branch for the first year which include Electrical systems around us, Computing and Data Science, Mathematics, Reverse Engineering, Graphics for Design, English, German, Applied electronics, Engineering Thermodynamics, etc .
Ubuntu is a Linux-based operating system. It is designed for computers, smartphones, and network servers. The system is developed by a UK based company called Canonical Ltd. All the principles used to develop the Ubuntu software are based on the principles of Open Source software development.
There is no requirement to use ubuntu, but it is preffered to use Ubuntu/Mac-os over Windows because they are linux-based os and is more flexible than windows.Thats why most of the companies ask their employees to use these operatin systems.
Yes u can dual-boot Ubuntu and windows on a same machine. Here is a link https://www.tecmint.com/install-ubuntu-alongside-with-windows-dual-boot/ and if u still have any problem or doubt u can ask it in Kammand Propmt https://www.facebook.com/groups/KamandPrompt/?multi_permalinks=1707713859401575
Here is a link https://www.tecmint.com/install-ubuntu-alongside-with-windows-dual-boot/ and if u still have any problem or doubt u can ask it from any memeber of Kammand Propmt https://www.facebook.com/groups/KamandPrompt/?multi_permalinks=1707713859401575
Check this documentation for Ubuntu https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/ and if u want to learn the basic linux commands visit https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/command-line-for-beginners#1-overview/