What is the area of IIT Mandi?
When did students shift to main campus of IIT Mandi?
What is the location of IIT Mandi?
How is the weather at IIT Mandi?
What is the geography of Mandi?
Where is mandi situated?
What is the annual rainfall of Mandi?
does mandi have a snowfall?
what is Advanced Materials research Centre?
what kind of research is AMRC focused on?
how is the condition of central workshop?
How are the computational facilities at IIT Mandi?
How are the facilities available at the labs of IIT Mandi?
How are the medical facilities at IIT Mandi?
How are medical facilities in mandi town?
Does the IIT Mandi campus have guest houses?
How are hostel facilities at IIT Mandi campus?
Who manages the Hostels?
What are details of the hostels for girls?
What are details of the hostels for boys?
Do students have any role in management of the campus?
What are the facilities available in the hostels?
Are there any bank facilities in the IIT Mandi campus?
Where can i buy groceries and provisional stuff?
Are stationary store available in IIT Mandi campus?
How many mess facilities are available in IIT Mandi campus?
What are the main places available for dining in the campus?
What are the sports being practiced in the campus?
How many basketball courts are there in the campus?
Who coordinates all the sports facilities?
What tournaments are sportsperson encouraged to participate in?
What are the achievements of IIT Mandi in inter-IIT sports tournaments?
Who organizes the sports fest of iit mandi and what is the name of sports fest of IIT Mandi?
Is there any IIT Mandi's own sports fest?
Does IIT Mandi has a library?
Does the library have a collection of AV material?
Are the library functions automated?
What is BookNook?
What are the topics of book available at BookNook?
Which type of books are available in IIT Mandi ?
Who runs BookNook ?
When is BookNook open?
What are some eminities available in the main campus?
What is senate?
What does senate do?
Who acts as the ex-officio Chairman of the Senate?
How many societies do we have in IIT Mandi?
What is Technical Society?
What are the clubs under Technical Society?
How can we join the clubs in Technical society?
What are the works of Programming club?
How can we join Programming club?
What is STAC?
How can we join STAC?
What is Entrepreneurship Club?
How can we join Entrepreneurship Club?
What is Robotronics Club?
How can we join Robotronics Club?
What is Yantrik Club?
How can we join Yantrik Club?
What is Nirmaan Club?
How can we join Nirmaan Club?
What is SAE?
How can we join SAE?
What is Literary Society?
What are the clubs under Literary Society?
What is Writing Club?
What is Debating Club?
What is Quizzing club?
What is the Cultural Society?
What are the clubs under Cultural Society?
What is Drama club?
How can we join Drama Club?
What is UDC?
What is Uhl Dance crew?
How can we join UDC?
How can we join Uhl Dance Company?
What is PMC?
What is Photography and Moviemaking Club?
How can we join PMC?
How can we join Photography and Moviemaking Club?
What is Music Club?
How can we join Music Club?
What is Designauts?
How can we join Designauts?
What is Art Geeks?
How can we Join Art Geeks?
What is the Research Society?
What is SCRI?
What is IEEE?
What is ACM?
What is ACM-W?
What is Academic Society?
What is UG Academic Council?
What is Senate?
What are the sports facilities at IIT Mandi?
What is HnT?
What is Hiking and Trekking Club(HnT)?
How can we join Hiking and Trekking(HnT)?
What about the hotel and the dinning facility?
What about the mess facility?
What is a general breakfast like in IIT Mandi?
What is a general lunch like in IIT Mandi?
How are general refreshments available at the mess?
What the timings of mess and who chooses the dishes?
How many messes are there?
what other refreshments are available in campus?
What can i find to eat in the campus?
can I buy packaged snacks ?
how is the food menu and quality regulated
can feedback be provided based on mess food?
what are the best rated restaurants in mandi?
How many job offers were made in the recent placement drive at IIT Mandi?
What is the highest CTC of IIT Mandi?
Who are the top recuiters of IIT Mandi?
Which sector has the highest rate of placements at IIT Mandi?
How many PPOs did students bag at IIT Mandi?
What are the facilities offered by IIT Mandi for placements?
Who are the first time recruiters at IIT Mandi Placement drive?
How many international offers were made at IIT Mandi placement drive?
What is branch wise trend in terms of placements?
How many students were placed out of eligible students?
Which company was the star recuriter in 2020?
What is the placements rate of IIT Mandi?
What is the average package of CSE at IIT Mandi?
where can i find all the statistics about the placement in college?
How many branches are there in IIT Mandi?
Are there any scholarships offered by IIT Mandi?
Where can I find information about scholarships offered by the institute?
Is there any scholarship available for SC/ST students?
Is there any scholarship offered to Girl students?
Does the institute offer scholarships to OBC/General students?
What is the criteria of scholarship for General and OBC students?
Which documents are required for the General/OBC scholarship?
Where can I find the affidavit?
Where do I pay my fee?
How many semesters are there at IIT Mandi?
Are there any vacations?
What is the duration of B.Tech programme?
What is B.Tech (Honours)?
When can I opt for B.Tech(Honours)?
How many credits are there in B.Tech programmes?
How many credits are required for Honours?
What is L-T-P-C?
What does L-T-P-C mean?
What is Faculty advisor?
What is the class committee?
Is there any branch policy?
What is eligibility for branch change?
What is the criteria for branch change?
What are measures taken against ragging by the institute?
Is there any ragging case reported in the past?
What is the minimum requirement of attendance?
What is the exam pattern for each subject?
What is the grading system at IIT Mandi?
What are grade point values of each letter grade?
What is I grade?
Where is the result announced?
What is the difference between SGPA and CGPA?
What is Minor?
How many minors can I take?
What is semester exchange?
Are there any conditions on taking semester exchange?
Give some information about the internship.
Which courses will be taught in first year?
What is NSO?
What is NSS?
What is HnT?
Is it necessary to take part in any of NSS, NSO or HnT?
Do nso nss hnt have any contribution in grading?
How many credits for nss nso hnt?
Is there any attendance requirement in nss nso hnt?
What if my attendance in nss nso h&t is short or not fulfilled?
How much time do we need to spend in nso nss hnt?
Are there any tests exams for nss nso hnt?
Is there any fees for nso nss hnt?
How spacious are the hostel rooms?
How many people share one room?
Can I request for a single room?
How far are the hostels from academic buildings?
What utilities are offered in hostels?
Is it necessary to stay in hostel at night?
Can we make food at hostels by ourselves?
Can I request for room change?
Can I request for hostel change?
Do apps such as swiggy and zomato deliver food at hostel?
Which indoor games are available at hostels?
Is it allowed to keep room heaters in hostels?
Is there any attendance system at hostels?
Are lifts available at hostels?
Which things should I take for winters as Mandi is a cold place?
Do we have geysers in bathrooms?
Is laundry service available?
