How to install g++ correctly for VS Code?
I started learning c++, should I discontinue it and learn python first??
In how much time we can learn a language, like python??
will we be taught js later on?
if i am already a little accustomed with python java and little c++, should i start with html and js?
From where can I learn Python?
Which is better, C++ or Python or Java?
Should I continue Python or shift to C++?
What is competitive Programming?
Which laptop should I buy?
Should I buy macbook or consider windows?
How is coding culture at IIT Mandi?
What is GSoC?
How to start programming if I don’t know anything about it?
How to dual boot ubuntu?
Which resources can help me to start with C++?
Which software is required for C++?
How can I download softwares required for C++?
Which software is required for Python?
How can I download softwares required for Python?
Should I enroll in some paid course or youtube is enough?
Should I wait for the Programming club or should I start learning coding on my own?
Can I start programming in second year, or should I start in first year itself?
I already know the basics of programming, which resources can help me further?
How much time should I devote to programming?
What is Github?
In how much time we can learn a language, like python?
will we be taught javascript later on?
The certificates these online paid courses provide,are they of any use?
What is the use of return 0,why can't we just use void main in C++?
Can anyone explain how to import libraries in VS Code C++?
How to run C++ code in terminal?
Please guide me about competitive programming, currently I am doing java.Should I switch to some other language?
Do different service providers in India have their own different list of blocked websites or it is same for all in India (setup by TRAI)?
While solving problems at hackerrank I'm have run-time error can somebody suggest how to correct this?
What language do discord bots use?
On the uri judge challenge  website do we need to use IIT Mandi email or is any other ID to join fine ?
I never understood  how Android is a linux?
List of GSoC like open-source programmes?
How to start with React.js?
How to install g++ correctly for vs code?
I started learning c++, should I discontinue it and learn python first??
In how much time we can learn a language, like python??
will we be taught js later on?
If I am already a little accustomed with python java and little c++, should i start with html and js?
I am not from any computer science related branch , do I have any chance to be in league with other programming students ?
What should I do if I am not able to solve questions on programming?
Where should i look for help if i am having trouble in understanding a programming concept?
Are there any workshops and competitions that will help in becoming a better programmer?
What are some achievements of programming club kamand prompt?